      The dataset we’ve chosen is about wine quality within the red wine variant of the Portuguese “Vinho Verde” wine. The dataset excludes data about grape types, wine brand, and wine selling price. The goal of using the dataset is to see what physicochemical (inputs) affect the expert’s rating of quality.       The features tracked include: fixed acidity, volatile acidity, citric acid, residual sugar, chlorides, free sulfur dioxide, total sulfur dioxide, density, pH, sulfates, alcohol, and quality. It is more important to think about the features in terms of how they affect the taste of the wines. Fixed acidity describes the set of acids which are non-volatile and do not evaporate readily. Volatile acidity describes the set of acids which contribute greatly to the smell and taste of vinegar in wine (too much vinegar leads to an unpleasant taste). Citric acid is a sour tasting acid but in smaller quantities, it can add the taste of freshness to wines. Residual sugar is the amount of sugar left over after the fermentation process stops. The more sugar left over, the sweeter the wine is. Chlorides refer to the amount of salt in the wine. Free sulfur dioxide describes the free form of SO2 which prevents microbial growth and oxidation of the wine. Total sulfur dioxide describes the amount of both free and bound forms of SO2. At higher free sulfur dioxide concentrations, SO2 is more obvious in the wine’s taste. Density describes how close the density value is to water. pH describes how basic or acidic a wine is on a scale from 0 (very acidic) to 14 (very basic). Sulfates are additives which can contribute to sulfur dioxide (SO2) levels and act as antioxidants. Alcohol is the percent by volume measurement of alcohol content. Finally, wine quality is determined by wine experts and is rated on a scale of 0-10, where 0 is very bad and 10 is very excellent.	To understand trends between features and their impact on the rated wine quality, we plotted several of these features on scatter plots. First, density vs alcohol shows that as density increases, alcohol percentage by volume decreases. Also, higher quality wines (denoted by green and orange) are more centered around the lower density/higher alcohol by volume area of the graph. Second, we observe by plotting free sulfur dioxide vs total sulfur dioxide that they have a proportional relationship. As the amount of free sulfur dioxide increases, it makes sense that the total sulfur dioxide content would increase as well. Third is residual sugar vs density which shows close to a proportional relationship between increasing residual sugars and increasing wine density. The higher quality wines seem to be more spread out with sugar and density not seeming to impact them very much. Finally, pH vs alcohol shows most high quality wines are centered around 3.2 to 3.4 pH and vary alcohol by volume levels.Citation for Dataset: P. Cortez, A. Cerdeira, F. Almeida, T. Matos and J. Reis.Modeling wine preferences by data mining from physicochemical properties. In Decision Support Systems, Elsevier, 47(4):547-553, 2009